Querying remote InfluxDB sources (#2158)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud/reference/flux/stdlib/built-in/inputs/from.md

> )

Author: No, because Flux can query an InfluxDB 1.x data source, just not remotely.

```

{{% note %}}
#### Query remote InfluxDB data sources
`from()` can retrieve data from remote InfluxDB 2.0 OSS and InfluxDB Cloud instances.
To query remote InfluxDB sources, include the [host](#host), [token](#token), and
[org](#org) or [orgID](#orgid) parameters.

> `from()` **cannot** retrieve data from **remote InfluxDB OSS 1.x instances or remote InfluxDB Enterprise 1.x clusters**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`from()` **cannot retrieve data** from **remote** InfluxDB OSS 1.x or InfluxDB Enterprise 1.x data sources
```

Reviewer: does `from()` work locally w 1.x sources?
Or would it be accurate to say `from()` isn't supported with 1.x?

Author: Yes, it does. InfluxDB 1.7+ and InfluxDB Enterprise 1.7.3+ ship with Flux. The only caveat is that Flux can only query the local 1.x storage engine or a remote 2.0 instance.
